.. _intro-webinars:

Training Materials
==================

The WEC-Sim team developed an online training course, and hosted advanced features webinars.
Recordings of each course are available below, along with the presentations. 


Online Training Course
----------------------
The WEC-Sim team developed an online training course.
This course provides an overview of what that WEC-Sim software does, and how to use it. 
Recordings of each course are available below, along with the presentations. 

Overview
^^^^^^^^
The section provides a big-picture overview of the WEC-Sim software.
The WEC-Sim Overview presentation is available for download here (`WEC-Sim 
Overview Slides <../_static/downloads/1_WEC-Sim_Overview.pdf>`__), and the 
recording is available below. 

    .. raw:: html
    
        <iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/fjUc-Xipf3A" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" allowfullscreen></iframe>


Theory & Workflow
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
This section discusses the WEC-Sim theory and workflow. 
The WEC-Sim Theory & Workflow presentation is available 
for download here (`Theory & Workflow Slides <../_static/downloads/2_WEC-Sim_TheoryWorkFlow.pdf>`__), and the recording is available below. 

    .. raw:: html
    
        <iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/HsRQ7V8N4gQ" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" allowfullscreen></iframe>
        

Installation
^^^^^^^^^^^^
This section described how to install WEC-Sim. 
The WEC-Sim Installation presentation is available to download here (`Theory & Workflow Slides <../_static/downloads/3_WEC-Sim_Installation.pdf>`__), and the recording is available below. 

    .. raw:: html

        <iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/HlIhYOVCAWA" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" allowfullscreen></iframe>


.. _user-webinars-code-structure:

Code Structure 
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
This section provides an overview of how the WEC-Sim code is 
structured by describing the :ref:`user-code-structure-src` (e.g. 
:ref:`user-code-structure-classes` and :ref:`user-code-structure-library`, and 
how they are defined in the :ref:`user-workflow-input-files` (i.e. 
``wecSimInputFile.m`` and ``<Simulink_model_name>.slx``). 
The Code Structure Overview presentation is available to download here (`WEC-Sim Code 
Structure Slides <../_static/downloads/4_WEC-Sim_CodeStructure.pdf>`__), and the 
recording is available below. 

    .. raw:: html
    
        <iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/vtT4Ad-qbe0" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" allowfullscreen></iframe>


BEMIO
^^^^^
This section of the course discusses how BEMIO is used to extract the hydrodynamic coefficients generated by a BEM software, 
and post-process themfor use by WEC-Sim. 
The BEMIO routines also help calculate impulse response functions, and plot data. 
The BEMIO presentation can be donloaded here (`BEMIO Slides
<../_static/downloads/5_WEC-Sim_BEMIO.pdf>`__), and the 
recording is available below.

    .. raw:: html

        <iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/qafl-JUX6hQ" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" allowfullscreen></iframe>

Wave Class
^^^^^^^^^^
This section of the course provides an overview of how waves are implemented in 
the WEC-Sim code, both in the :ref:`user-code-structure-wave-class`, and in the 
:ref:`user-code-structure-library`. 
The Wave Class presentation is 
available for download here (`Wave Implementation Slides 
<../_static/downloads/6_WEC-Sim_WaveClass.pdf>`__), and the recording 
is available below. 

    .. raw:: html
    
        <iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/vSFokVIdxOg" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" allowfullscreen></iframe>

Body Class
^^^^^^^^^^
This section of the course provides an overview of how bodies are implemented 
in the WEC-Sim code, both in the :ref:`user-code-structure-body-class`, and in 
the :ref:`user-code-structure-library`. The Body Class presentation is 
available for download here (`Body Implementation Slides 
<../_static/downloads/7_WEC-Sim_BodyClass.pdf>`__), and the recording 
is available below. 

    .. raw:: html
    
        <iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/Y_4ExGw5l04?start=5" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" allowfullscreen></iframe>

Tutorial
^^^^^^^^
This section shows users how to set up an run a the WEC-Sim tutorial. 
The Tutorial presentation is available to download here (`WEC-Sim Tutorial
<../_static/downloads/8_WEC-Sim_Tutorial.pdf>`__), and the recording 
is available below.

    .. raw:: html

       <iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/SUA_6Nd1w9g?start=5" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" allowfullscreen></iframe>



Advanced Features Webinars
--------------------------

The WEC-Sim team hosted a series of Advanced Features Webinars. Dates and 
topics are listed below. Recordings of each are available below, along with the 
presentations. 

    ===========  ===============  ====================================
    **Webinar**  **Date**         **Topic**
    1            April 18, 2017   BEMIO and MCR
    2            May 24, 2017     Nonlinear Hydro, Non-hydro, and B2B
    3            June 13, 2017    PTO and Control
    4            July 18, 2017    Mooring and Visualization
    ===========  ===============  ====================================

.. _webinar1:

Webinar 1 - BEMIO and MCR
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The WEC-Sim webinar on BEMIO and MCR was hosted on April 18, 2017. The 
presentation is available for download here ( `Webinar 1 Slides 
<../_static/downloads/WEC-Sim_Webinar1.pdf>`__ ), and the recordings are 
available below. 

**Webinar 1 - BEMIO**

    .. raw:: html
    
        <iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/ds7nibQx63g?ecver=1" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>

**Webinar 1 - MCR**

    .. raw:: html
    
        <iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/C9R_mGNI5yA?ecver=1" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>

.. _webinar2:

Webinar 2 - Nonlinear Buoyancy and Froude-Krylov Wave Excitation, Non-Hydro and B2B
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The WEC-Sim webinar on Nonlinear Buoyancy and Froude-Krylov Wave Excitation, 
Non-Hydro, and B2B was hosted on May 24, 2017. The presentation is available 
for download here ( `Webinar 2 Slides <../_static/downloads/WEC-Sim_Webinar2.pdf>`__ ), 
and the recordings are available below. 

**Webinar 2 - Nonlinear Buoyancy and Froude-Krylov Wave Excitation**

    .. raw:: html
    
        <iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/jC2HIcy2E6M?ecver=1" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>

**Webinar 2 - Non-Hydro and B2B**

    .. raw:: html
    
        <iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/RIPfL_nV00U?ecver=1" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>

.. _webinar3:

Webinar 3 - PTO and Control
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The WEC-Sim webinar on PTO and Control was hosted on June 13, 2017. The 
presentation is available for download here ( `Webinar 3 Slides 
<../_static/downloads/WEC-Sim_Webinar3.pdf>`__ ), and the recordings are 
available below. 

**Webinar 3 - PTO**

    .. raw:: html
    
        <iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/Q6_2ldauPSI?ecver=1" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>

**Webinar 3 - Desalination**

    .. raw:: html
        
        <iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/Q7qb0eHg9-s" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>

.. _webinar4:

Webinar 4 - Mooring and Visualization
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The WEC-Sim webinar on Mooring and Visualization was hosted on July 18, 2017. 
The presentation is available for download here ( `Webinar 4 Slides 
<../_static/downloads/WEC-Sim_Webinar4.pdf>`__ ), and the recordings are 
available below. 

**Webinar 4 - Mooring**

    .. raw:: html
    
        <iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/J22-9apMWm0" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>

**Webinar 4 - Visualization**

    .. raw:: html
    
        <iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/z5BTQyfbXGo" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>